Clarify properties for Oracle jdbc driver tracing (#7435)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/jdbc-tracing.adoc

</jdbcDriver>
----

For Oracle 23c and later, add the following option to the `jvm.options` file to enable trace.

> To avoid the performance impact of logging trace strings the Oracle JDBC driver will not log trace without this property set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the performance impact of logging trace strings, the Oracle JDBC driver does not log trace unless this property is set to true.
```

-DoracleLogPackageName=<package-to-trace>
----

> - `oracle.jdbc.Trace` : Enables global log handler for the Oracle JDBC driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oracle.jdbc.Trace` : This property enables the global log handler for the Oracle JDBC driver.
```

> - `oracleLogFileName` : The file name for custom logging. For example, oracle.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oracleLogFileName` : This property specifies the file name for custom logging. For example, `oracle.log`.
```

> - `oracleLogPackageName` : The package to trace. For example; oracle, oracle.jdbc, or oracle.net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oracleLogPackageName` : This property specifies the package to trace. For example, `oracle`, `oracle.jdbc`, or `oracle.net`
```
